Document the required and optional arguments of time_bucket_ng() (#404)
timescale/docs: api/time_bucket_ng.md

or annual aggregates.
</highlight>

### Required Arguments

|Name|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
| `bucket_width` | INTERVAL | A PostgreSQL time interval for how long each bucket is |

> | `ts` | DATE, TIMESTAMP or TIMESTAMPTZ | The timestamp that needs to be converted to bucket's start time |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ts` | DATE, TIMESTAMP or TIMESTAMPTZ | The timestamp to bucket |
```

> | `ts` | DATE, TIMESTAMP or TIMESTAMPTZ | The timestamp that needs to be converted to bucket's start time |

Author: Actually, the documentation for time_bucket() is wrong. It claims that the argument name is `time` while in fact, it's `ts`.

> | `ts` | DATE, TIMESTAMP or TIMESTAMPTZ | The timestamp that needs to be converted to bucket's start time |

Author: Please see https://github.com/timescale/docs/pull/407

### Optional Arguments

|Name|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|

> | `origin` | Same as `ts` | Buckets are aligned relative to this timestamp |

Author: What I meant was that the argument type should always be exactly the same as for `ts`, e.g. if `ts` is DATE then `origin` should be DATE as well. I'll try to clarify this.

| `timezone` | TEXT | The name of the timezone. The argument can be specified only if the type of `ts` is TIMESTAMPTZ |

For backward compatibility with `time_bucket()` the `timezone` argument is
optional. Note that TIMESTAMPTZ-version of the function without specified

> `timezone` depends on the session parameters (`SET TIME ZONE`) and thus can't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optional. Note that if you call the TIMESTAMPTZ-version of the function without the `timezone` argument,  the timezone defaults to the session's timezone and so the function can't
```
